Add initial support for license-files (#705)
pypa/flit: doc/pyproject_toml.rst

license
  A table with either a ``file`` key (a relative path to a license file) or a
  ``text`` key (the license text).
license-files

>   A list of glob patterns for license files to include. Defaults to ``['COPYING*', 'LICENSE*']``.

Reviewer: To match the other change
```suggestion
  A list of glob patterns for license files to include. Defaults to ``['COPYING*', 'LICEN[CS]E*']``.
```
